Name: Brendan Jacques

Student ID: 01419198

Computer Graphics: Progress Report 4

Objective: To complete steps 3 and 4 of the Final Project, specifically improving camera
viewing angles and creating light sources.

Degree of Progress: 50%

Work Description: 
- Improved color assignning function to allow for easy color assignment in future templates.
- Created a basic 3D model of a house to use as a template. Other templates to come.
- Improved the camera control functions so that the 3D model generated would always appear
first within the bounds of the canvas.
- Reconfigured my entire project at the last minute. Apparently I mis-understood the original
rubric and my project went beyond the scope required by the class, so ended up scaling
back almost every feature I've been working on. The user no longer has the ability to create
3D objects themselves. Instead they are currently only able to manipulate 3D templates.
- Fell behind on the project due to this setback. Will be spending the remainder of time
  until the due date course correcting. My goal for next week is to have external light sources set up,
  alternative projections of the object, and finer camera controls. Maybe texture mappings if I have time.

How to Run:
Project is web-browser based, so opening the html in the project file should be sufficient.

Link to WebLab Page: http://weblab.cs.uml.edu/~bjacques/427546s2018/final-project/4/project.html

Sources:

3)https://webglfundamentals.org/webgl/lessons/webgl-fundamentals.html
Used this website as a learning tool for understanding how to create 2D and 3D models in WebGL. The createShader() and createProgram() functions in my code were
copied from here. The majority of code for draw2D() and draw3D() were also taken from here, though with modifications to suit my project's needs.

4)https://webglfundamentals.org/webgl/lessons/webgl-3d-orthographic.html
Ended up using more code from this website, specifically their matrix model for modifying the positions of 3D
objects in the canvas. Commented over the functions I re-used in my js file.

The remainder of the code present is my own.
