Name: Brendan Jacques

Student ID: 01419198

Computer Graphics: Progress Report 5

Objective: To restart the Final Project from scratch, completing as many parts as possible using Three.Js as the programming language.

Degree of Progress: 80%

Work Description: 
- Switched implementation languages to ThreeJs.
- Created a simple 3D model of a house.
- Created functioning controls for Translation, Rotation and Scaling of the house
- Created controls for Shearing the model. Incomplete at the moment due to a current inability to reverse the shearing process on the house.
- Created two light sources whose position in the space can be modified via slider controls.
- Implemented a series of camera views that allow the object to be seen from the following projections:
	1) Orthogonal (Front, Side and Top)
	2) Trimetric
	3) Isometric
	4) Dimetric (in relation to the X and Y axes, the X and Z axes, and the Y and Z axes).
	5) Parallel Perspective (work in progress)
	6) Oblique Perspective (work in progress)
- Experimented with applying textures to the walls of the house. Ran into issues involving
  Google Chrome refusing to allow outside images to be loaded into the program without a local
  web server being active, so as of now this feature doesn't work on Chrome. The walls affected
  by this simply show up as normal walls.

- By the submission date, I hope to complete work on the Parallel and Oblique Views,
  create formal environmental maps for the walls of the house, and implement proper perspective
  vanishing points.

How to Run:
Project is web-browser based, so opening the html in the project file should be sufficient.

Link to WebLab Page: http://weblab.cs.uml.edu/~bjacques/427546s2018/final-project/5/project.html

Note: Code from the incorrect version of the project has been saved in the old_code folder for posterity.

Sources:

1)  https://threejs.org/
The documentation for the ThreeJs programming language. No specific tutorial code was taken
for the assignment, only used as reference for proper implementation.

2)  https://codepen.io/rachsmith/post/beginning-with-3d-webgl-pt-1-the-scene
The original framework in which I built the project in came from this website. This consists of
the render loop and the initial creation of the scene.

Outside of the two above sources, all of the code in this assignment is my own.
